README.md, before:

# Wise MCP Server

A MCP (Machine Communication Protocol) server that serves as a gateway for the Wise API, providing simplified access to Wise's recipient functionality.

## Features

- List all recipients from your Wise account via a simple MCP resource
- Send money to recipients using the Wise API
- Create invoice payment requests with line items and payer information
- Get available balance currencies for invoice creation
- Automatically handles authentication and profile selection
- Uses the Wise Sandbox API for development and testing

## Requirements

- Python 3.12 or higher
- `uv` package manager
- Wise API token

## Get an API token

https://wise.com/your-account/integrations-and-tools/api-tokens

Create a new token here.

## Installation

1. Clone this repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/sergeiledvanov/mcp-wise
   cd wise-mcp
   ```

2. Set up the environment:
   ```bash
   cp .env.example .env
   # Edit .env to add your Wise API token
   ```

3. Install dependencies with `uv`:
   ```bash
   uv venv
   uv pip install -e .
   ```

Make sure to also update your .mcp.json file to match your selected mode. We provide template files that you can use:

1. For stdio mode (default):
   ```bash
   cp .mcp.json.stdio .mcp.json
   ```

2. For HTTP mode:
   ```bash
   cp .mcp.json.http .mcp.json
   ```

These template files contain the appropriate configuration for each mode.

## Available MCP Resources

The server provides the following MCP resources:

### `list_recipients`

Returns a list of all recipients from your Wise account.

**Parameters**:
- `profile_type`: The type of profile to list recipients for. One of [personal, business]. Default: "personal"
- `currency`: Optional. Filter recipients by currency code (e.g., 'EUR', 'USD')

### `send_money`

Sends money to a recipient using the Wise API.

**Parameters**:
- `profile_type`: The type of profile to use (personal or business)
- `source_currency`: Source currency code (e.g., 'USD') 
- `source_amount`: Amount in source currency to send
- `recipient_id`: The ID of the recipient to send money to
- `payment_reference`: Optional. Reference message for the transfer (defaults to "money")
- `source_of_funds`: Optional. Source of the funds (e.g., "salary", "savings")

### `create_invoice`

Creates an invoice payment request using the Wise API.

**Parameters**:
- `profile_type`: The type of profile to use (personal or business)
- `balance_id`: The ID of the balance to use for the invoice
- `due_days`: Number of days from today when the invoice is due
- `line_items`: List of line items, each containing:
  - `name`: Name/description of the item
  - `amount`: Unit price amount
  - `currency`: Currency code (e.g., 'EUR', 'USD')
  - `quantity`: Quantity of the item
  - `tax_name`: Optional tax name
  - `tax_percentage`: Optional tax percentage (0-100)
  - `tax_behaviour`: Optional tax behaviour ("INCLUDED" or "EXCLUDED")
- `payer_name`: Optional name of the payer
- `payer_email`: Optional email of the payer
- `payer_contact_id`: Optional contact ID of the payer
- `invoice_number`: Optional invoice number
- `message`: Optional message to include with the invoice
- `issue_date`: Optional issue date in YYYY-MM-DD format (defaults to today)

### `get_balance_currencies`

Gets available currencies and balance IDs for creating invoices.

**Parameters**:
- `profile_type`: The type of profile to use (personal or business)

## Configuration

Configuration is done via environment variables, which can be set in the `.env` file:

- `WISE_API_TOKEN`: Your Wise API token (required)
- `WISE_IS_SANDBOX`: Set to true to use the Wise Sandbox API (default: false)
- `MODE`: MCP Server transport mode, either "http" or "stdio" (default: stdio)

## Development

### Project Structure

```
wise-mcp/
├── .env                # Environment variables (not in git)
├── .env.example        # Example environment variables
├── pyproject.toml      # Project dependencies and configuration
├── README.md           # This file
└── src/                # Source code
    ├── main.py         # Entry point
    └── wise_mcp/       # Main package
        ├── api/        # API clients
        │   └── wise_client.py # Wise API client
        ├── resources/  # MCP resources
        │   └── recipients.py  # Recipients resource
        └── app.py      # MCP application setup
```

### Adding New Features

To add new features:

1. Add new API client methods in `src/wise_mcp/api/wise_client.py`
2. Create new resources in `src/wise_mcp/resources/`
3. Import and register the new resources in `src/wise_mcp/app.py`

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Implement proper 3-step invoice creation and business profile restriction

README.md, after:

# Wise MCP Server

A MCP (Machine Communication Protocol) server that serves as a gateway for the Wise API, providing simplified access to Wise's recipient functionality.

## Features

- List all recipients from your Wise account via a simple MCP resource
- Send money to recipients using the Wise API
- Create invoice payment requests with line items and payer information
- Get available balance currencies for invoice creation
- Automatically handles authentication and profile selection
- Uses the Wise Sandbox API for development and testing

## Requirements

- Python 3.12 or higher
- `uv` package manager
- Wise API token

## Get an API token

https://wise.com/your-account/integrations-and-tools/api-tokens

Create a new token here.

## Installation

1. Clone this repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/sergeiledvanov/mcp-wise
   cd wise-mcp
   ```

2. Set up the environment:
   ```bash
   cp .env.example .env
   # Edit .env to add your Wise API token
   ```

3. Install dependencies with `uv`:
   ```bash
   uv venv
   uv pip install -e .
   ```

Make sure to also update your .mcp.json file to match your selected mode. We provide template files that you can use:

1. For stdio mode (default):
   ```bash
   cp .mcp.json.stdio .mcp.json
   ```

2. For HTTP mode:
   ```bash
   cp .mcp.json.http .mcp.json
   ```

These template files contain the appropriate configuration for each mode.

## Available MCP Resources

The server provides the following MCP resources:

### `list_recipients`

Returns a list of all recipients from your Wise account.

**Parameters**:
- `profile_type`: The type of profile to list recipients for. One of [personal, business]. Default: "personal"
- `currency`: Optional. Filter recipients by currency code (e.g., 'EUR', 'USD')

### `send_money`

Sends money to a recipient using the Wise API.

**Parameters**:
- `profile_type`: The type of profile to use (personal or business)
- `source_currency`: Source currency code (e.g., 'USD') 
- `source_amount`: Amount in source currency to send
- `recipient_id`: The ID of the recipient to send money to
- `payment_reference`: Optional. Reference message for the transfer (defaults to "money")
- `source_of_funds`: Optional. Source of the funds (e.g., "salary", "savings")

### `create_invoice`

Creates an invoice payment request using the Wise API. **Note: Invoices are only available for business profiles.**

**Parameters**:
- `profile_type`: The type of profile to use (must be "business" - personal profiles cannot create invoices)
- `balance_id`: The ID of the balance to use for the invoice
- `due_days`: Number of days from today when the invoice is due
- `line_items`: List of line items, each containing:
  - `name`: Name/description of the item
  - `amount`: Unit price amount
  - `currency`: Currency code (e.g., 'EUR', 'USD')
  - `quantity`: Quantity of the item
  - `tax_name`: Optional tax name
  - `tax_percentage`: Optional tax percentage (0-100)
  - `tax_behaviour`: Optional tax behaviour ("INCLUDED" or "EXCLUDED")
- `payer_name`: Optional name of the payer
- `payer_email`: Optional email of the payer
- `payer_contact_id`: Optional contact ID of the payer
- `invoice_number`: Optional invoice number (auto-generated if not provided)
- `message`: Optional message to include with the invoice
- `issue_date`: Optional issue date in YYYY-MM-DD format (defaults to today)

The invoice creation process follows these steps:
1. Creates an empty invoice to get auto-generated fields (like invoice number)
2. Updates the invoice with full data (line items, payer info, etc.)
3. Publishes the invoice to make it active and available for payment

### `get_balance_currencies`

Gets available currencies and balance IDs for creating invoices. **Note: Invoices are only available for business profiles.**

**Parameters**:
- `profile_type`: The type of profile to use (should be "business" for invoice creation)

## Configuration

Configuration is done via environment variables, which can be set in the `.env` file:

- `WISE_API_TOKEN`: Your Wise API token (required)
- `WISE_IS_SANDBOX`: Set to true to use the Wise Sandbox API (default: false)
- `MODE`: MCP Server transport mode, either "http" or "stdio" (default: stdio)

## Development

### Project Structure

```
wise-mcp/
├── .env                # Environment variables (not in git)
├── .env.example        # Example environment variables
├── pyproject.toml      # Project dependencies and configuration
├── README.md           # This file
└── src/                # Source code
    ├── main.py         # Entry point
    └── wise_mcp/       # Main package
        ├── api/        # API clients
        │   └── wise_client.py # Wise API client
        ├── resources/  # MCP resources
        │   └── recipients.py  # Recipients resource
        └── app.py      # MCP application setup
```

### Adding New Features

To add new features:

1. Add new API client methods in `src/wise_mcp/api/wise_client.py`
2. Create new resources in `src/wise_mcp/resources/`
3. Import and register the new resources in `src/wise_mcp/app.py`

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

MIT
